>> Brian Holt: So what happens,
in fact this is actually a problem that
we have right now in our application.
We have this adopt me page
like the results page, right.
And then we have a SearchParams page but
they're not talking to each other yet.
We have state that lives in one route and
we need to pass it to the other route,
right.
So how do we do that?
Well, there's actually quite a elegant and
simple way of doing that which
typically I would advise you how to do.
The way that I would do that,
if I come into my code here,
is I would move everything
from SearchParams.
So breed, animal, and location I would
move this up into App.js, right.
Because this is the common parent
between results and SearchParams.
And then I would pass both those things in
as props to result in searchParams, right.
And then both of them would have
access to the same shared data.
In general this is what I
would advise you to do.
This is what React was designed around as
being able to share your state as props to
children, right.
And then I would move
the handle breed selector into
app as well, and
pass those event selectors in.
So that the children can call
functions on the parents, right.
In fact,
I have this code written out for you and
I wanna show it to you, here without
context this branch down here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I have it open as
a pull request so we can see the div.
>> Brian Holt: So if you look into app.js,
we start tracking all the stuff in state.
So you can see we have city-state up here,
which there's a conflict between what
router wanted to call it's location and
what I wanted to call location.
So I called it city-state instead here and
then I have all these methods.
Can I just say view, here we go.
>> Brian Holt: So
I moved the state up here into app, and
then I probably make this
a little bit bigger too.
>> Brian Holt: And
then I moved all these event handlers into
app.js
>> Brian Holt: And
well as get breeze as well.
>> Brian Holt: And then notice that
I start passing all these things
into SearchParams and
into Results as well.
So this is how I would typically
advise you how to do it, right.
Move everything into App.js,
the common parent, and
then pass all those event
handlers into both of them,
if they need to handle events,
as well as all the state.
And now, Results and SearchParams can
individually use these things as prompts.
So just what that looks like inside of.
So instead here in results, because this
is getting passed in from the parent I'd
refer to location as the stop
prompts at location.
Animal at the stop prompt of animal.
And then I would use all that
data inside of results.js.
In general this is how you wanna
handle this kind of thing, right.
Does that make sense?
This is the entire magic of React,
it's just passing props around and
managing state, and that's really it.
And honestly we can end the class here,
and
you would have a pretty good
understanding now of how React works.
The only thing that's left
is advanced features, and
that's what the rest this
course is gonna be about,
everything else is just managing state and
props and components.
States, props, and components and
that's really the end of it.
This is why I like React, this is why I
teach React, this is why I write React at
every job that I go to is
because it's knowable, right.
A day and a half and
you're done with knowing what React does.
Now that's not the complete picture,
we still have to talk about
the ecosystem around it but
in general what I've shown you here
is just passing at state and prompts.
>> Brian Holt: But
it wouldn't be fun to end here,
we got tons more stuff to talk about.
So we'll start getting more
into the advance stuff here,
more of like the intermediate react stuff.